Add standup guidelines (#8508)
dotnet/arcade: Documentation/TeamProcess/DevGuide/standup.md

# Standup Guidelines

> * Standups should be both physical and Teams meetings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Standups should be both in-person and Teams meetings
```

* Standups occur twice a week on Tuesdays and Thursdays
* All team members are expected to attend standup, except when there are conflicts

> * Standups can and will be preemted by meetings like all hands, Q&As, other org/division-wide meetings, and holidays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Standups can and will be preempted by meetings like all hands, Q&As, other org/division-wide meetings, and holidays.
```

* The in person standup will take place in the team room, and the person running the meeting should share their screen on the television in the team room.
* Where possible, an external mic should be used for the standup meeting so that those joining by Teams can hear everyone at the in person meeting.
* Standup will use the [Standup View](https://github.com/orgs/dotnet/projects/86/views/10) of the .NET Core Engineering Services board.

>   * The board should be organized such that it is grouped by the assignee, with issues in the Backlog (no status) or Done columns not shown.

Reviewer: nit: these lines have odd indentions.

Author: They're supposed to be sub-bullets of the one above
